How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    It can pinpoint any possible typos, or other differences
    in code of compared file versions.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
    It would allow to easily track all the changes that have been
    introduced to the file, go back to any of them and compare
    project's behavior at any point through development process.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
    Pros is to have control over the process and resulted file versions.
    Also it is possible that way to follow some rule set regarding the process.
    That suppose to keep each commit meaningful and fairly sized.
    Cons - human factor. Sometimes it is possible to forget to save considerable
    amount of new work, so deleting the last version can cause serious trouble.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
    Things like Google Docs probably are mostly oriented at working with single
    file. Where Git can handle projects with several interconnected files, like
    html/css/js files in a wensite development.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
    By using git log and commit comments we can easily find needed file versions
    and, with the help of git diff, see what changes were introduced.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
    It allows us to experiment with code more freely.
    It is easy to check the version when the error was introduced, find it
    and revert to previous file version.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
    Try to add a project to it
